# Web_Developlment
For this project, I would like to build a website which is about a badminton club.
First, I will choose picture carousel animation about badminton as the background on homepage. 
Then I will put a short video which is about people play badminton on the page. 
The reason why I use them is because I think it is the best way for people to understand the theme of my website. The **subtitles** for the **homepage** will be **“introduction”**, **“club members”**, **“contact with us”** and **“suggestion”**. When the user clicks on one of them, they will enter a new page that will have more details.
For subpage **“introduction”**, It will have three parts. Firstly, I will give a brief introduction about badminton to let users know this sport. Then, I will also introduce the advantages of playing badminton. Lastly, I will introduce the club like club activities, competitions and so on. This page will have a scroll box to allow users rolling it up and down.
For subpage **“club members”**, it will show the basic information, such as their name, age, job, hobby and so on, for every member. It is helpful for user know club members before they join in. For subpage **“contact with us”**, users can click the email address to ask questions about the club. The email address link can lead to outside pages. In addition, I will create an application form to let user fill their information, like name, age, email and so on. If they would like to join in the club, they can fill the form to let us know. The application form is available for download.
Users can submit the form online or download it and then take it to club office.
In addition, I will create a **subpage** for **“suggestion”**. It will be a form as well. It looks like a survey. Users will answer some questions first. In the end, it has an input text box. If users find something that does not good, they can give me a feedback to help me improve.
